UNROLL THE TADPOLE UNCLOG THE FROG UNLOAD THE TOAD UNINHIBIT THE RIBBIT UNSTICK THE LICK UNIMPRISON THE AMPHIBIAN UNMUTE THE NEWT UNBENCH THE KENCH PERMIT THE KERMIT DEFOG THE POLLIWOG_-_- Sodium, atomic number 11, was first isolated by Humphry Davy in 1807. A chemical component of salt, he named it Na in honor of the saltiest region on earth, North America._-_- MY BELLY IS HUGE MY BRAIN HAS DELAY YOU GUESSED IT RIGHT I'M FROM NA.
NEW MESSAGES_-_- ( ͡° ͜◯ ͡°) ﻿ＣＬＯＷＮ ＦＩＥＳＴＡ ( ͡° ͜◯ ͡°)_-_- hey there buddy chum pal friend buddy pal chum bud friend fella bruther amigo pal buddy friend chummy chum chum pal i don't mean to be rude my friend pal home slice bread slice dawg but i gotta warn ya if u take one more diddly darn step right there im going to have to diddly darn snap ur neck and wowza wouldn't that be a crummy juncture, huh? do yuo want that? do wish upon yourself to come into physical experience with a crummy juncture? because friend buddy chum friend chum pally pal chum friend if you keep this up well gosh diddly darn i just might have to get not so friendly with u my friendly friend friend pal friend buddy chum pally friend chum buddy…_-_- I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me “Apache” and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can’t accept me you’re a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding._-_- I sexually identify as graph paper. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of sorting over the grid drawing beautiful graphs on math homework. People say to me that a person being graph paper is impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon tattoo rows, columns and 3 hole punches on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me “Grid” and respect my right to draw graphs and solve equations. If you can’t accept me you’re a papyrophobe and need to check your graphing privilege. Thank you for being so understanding._-_- I sexually Identify as a meme. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of being uploaded onto the imgur website and linked into the reddit threads. People say to me that a person being a meme is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a computer scientist put my brain into my computer like johnny depp in transendence, equipping me with the dankest of pictures from the internet. From now on I want you guys to call me “Sir Danks-a-lot” and respect my right to meme from above and meme needlessly. If you can’t accept me you’re a memephobe and need to check your internet privilege. Thank you for being so understanding._-_- I sexually Identify as a Racecar. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of drifting around corners and running quarter miles in under ten seconds. People say to me that a person being a Racecar is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a shop mechanic install 100-shot of nitrous, adjustable coilovers, and twin scroll turbos on my chassis. From now on I want you guys to call me “Drift King” and respect my right to burn rubber below and shoot flames needlessly. If you can’t accept me you’re a ricer and need to check your modifying privilege. Thank you for being so understanding._-_- I sexually Identify as a minion. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of walking down the lanes of Summoners Rift just to get slaughtered instantly. People say to me that a person being a minion is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m beautiful. I’m having a plastic surgeon install a little stone helmet, shield and battle hammer on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me “blue melee creep” and respect my right to willingly suicide into powerful enemy champions. If you can’t accept me you’re a miniophobe and need to check your summoning privilege. Thank you for being so understanding._-_- I sexually identify as a single, Pringle, ready to mingle. Ever since I was a potato I dreamed of being thin sliced, covered in disgusting oil then heated in a medium oven until reaching climax at the micro second of golden-browness. People bully me, and say things like “what the fuck, you aren’t a Pringle”, but I know deep down they are just jealous of my inner beauty. I have already started hiding in cylinders all day, and now im improving my crunchiness by regularly burning my sides on the stove. I want you guys to respect my natural ability to instantly satisfy low salt carb cravings, and if you don’t you are oppressing me, and you should check your diabetes type. Thank you for being so understanding._-_- I sexually Identify as a ghost pirate. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of sailing the undead seas searching for the afterlife of dave jones’ locker . People say to me that a person being a ectoplasmic-sea captain is Impossible and I’m fucking retarded but I don’t care, I’m sp00ky. I’m having an ethereal cutlass created, a 17th century french sloop and a ghostly crew of shanty singers bought. From now on I want you guys to call me “deadbeard” and respect my right to kill rival poltergeist and photonically phase my being into the next realm . If you can’t accept me you’re a phantom-buccaneerphobe and need to check your undead-aquatic privilege. Thank you for being so understanding matey._-_- What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you fucking cis-scum? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in Gender studies, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on 4Chan and cishets like you, and I have over 300 confirmed headmates. I am trained in women warfare and I’m the top poster in the entire tumblr SJW forces. You are nothing to me but just another white male. I will wipe you the fuck out with oppression claims the likes of which has never been seen before on this website, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over reddit? Think again, cis scum. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of warriors across tumblr and twitter and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, privileged male. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can doxx you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my legbeard. Not only am I extensively trained in privilege checking, but I have access to the entire blocklist of freebsdgirl and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your neckbeard ass off the face of the internet, you fucking cis gendered white scum. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn MRA. I will shit fury and pure bs all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, weeaboo.